hi this is Brad mcnamee president
warehouse rack and shelf for over 25
years rack and shelf has provided the
lowest prices on high quality new and
used material handling and storage
products to warehouses and distribution
centers today I'd like to talk about our
product selective pallet rack also known
as warehouse rack in order to save you
money on freight we ship our rack from
strategically located facilities across
the United States including st. Louis
Missouri Chicago Illinois middletown PA
Sumter South Carolina Dallas Texas and
San Diego California a section of PAL
Iraq consists of two upright frames and
adjoining beams two beams per shelf
level this is a freestanding starter
unit also known as a section of pallet
rack pallet rack comes in starter units
and add-on units that share common
uprights to create a row advantages
include ease of installation this
teardrop pallet rack is very easy to
install no nuts and bolts the beams just
slide into place and you'll hear a
clicking sound as the factory installed
auto locks secure it to the upright
uprights have a universal teardrop
design it's called teardrop because the
holes are shaped like teardrops almost
all the factories make a teardrop style
pallet rack and most are interchangeable
common upright Heights include eighth
foot 12 foot 16-foot 20 foot and 24 foot
common upright depths include 36 inch
42-inch 44 inch and 48 inch we can also
supply up to 60 inch depth
common beam links include 8 foot 9 foot
10 foot and 12 foot 8 foot and nine foot
beams are probably the most common and
allow you to store two pallets
side-by-side on a beam level 12 foot
beams are designed for storing three
pallets wide / beam level from a cost
standpoint it's more economical to store
two pallets wide on an eight foot beam
unless your pallets weigh a thousand
pounds or less as a rule of thumb
eight-foot beams have approximately 1000
to 1200 pounds capacity per inch of beam
face this eight-foot beam has a three
inch beam face with 3,000 pounds
capacity per level beam capacities range
from 2,200 pounds 3,000 4,000 5,000 and
6,000 pounds per level or greater
factory bolted bracing something I'd
like to point out we can supply these
upright frames with either welded or
bolted bracing bolted bracing is the
newest innovation in PAL Iraq design
it's become universally accepted in the
factories engineers say it's as safe and
secure as welded bracing the true
advantage of bolted bracing is the cost
savings and the ease of replacing
damaged bracing in the future you can be
sure that the uprights will arrive on
your dock with the bracing fully
assembled pallet rack accessories
include row spacers that join uprights
together in a bacta back row anchors
check with your local building officials
for their requirements leveling shims
for uneven floors floor anchored column
protectors post protectors also known as
deflectors end of aisle protectors that
protect the most vulnerable part of your
rack the ends of your rack Rose wire
mesh decking
pallets support crossbars wood decking
solid smooth metal decking corrugated
steel decking and fifty percent open
rain deck or punch deck if you'd like to
talk more about your pallet rack
requirement please contact me or one of
my knowledgeable sales people at 800 763
9020 or visit our website at WWF and
shelf calm
you